an implementation of reliable file transfer between a client and a server.
The protocol should use TCP to transmit the file from a client to the server.
Eyal Vilensky , Yinnon Bratspiess

FILES:
	srftp.cpp - the server file.
	clftp.cpp - the client file.
	Makefile - the makefile.
	README - This file.
	performance.jpg - A graph showing the time it takes to send a file.

Implementation:
	In this ex we're implementing a TCP protocol for sending files between two computers. The client
	is the sender and the server is the receiver. First of all we send the file's size to check if 
	it's valid and stand in the server's max file it can get. if it does then we send the file's
	name and the name we want to save it in the server and then we send  the file. When the file was
	sent we close the client's socket in the server.  
	
Implementing using UDP connection :
	We will use the message numbering scheme which will give the receiver the conformation that the 
	message was sent and also reference to the message number so the sender will know which message 
	was sent.
	First thing we will do when connected as client is to sent the number of packets. 
	The cilent will wait till it's get a ack from the server and if a ack was not received it will 
	send it again.
	Those are the steps for sending and receiving each peacket using UDP :
	client :
	send the current packet. Check if there is a next packet. If there's no next packet than just 
	wait till the socket is closed. If there is another request to send the current packet we will 
	resend it.
	Server :
	For each packet we receive the check if the previous packet number  is smaller by one from the 
	current packet received's number. If it's not then we will send to the client a request to 
	resend the previous packet. If there's no problem and the number is smaller by one then we
	will se if the next packet has already received. If it wasn't received yet then we will wait for 
	it. If a defined time has passed and the server has'nt received a packet than we will ask for a 
	resend of a packet.
	In the moment that we see that all of the packets that had to be sent
	are received we will close the socket.
	There are some problems using UDP : 
	first of all it's possible that the server will receive the file not in the required order, 
	Therefore we will check for each packet that the previous packet was received already.
	Another problem we deal with is a packet that wasn't received well or wasn't received. If a 
	packet wasn't received we send a message to the client to resend it.
	Efficiency :
	In this implementation the client only sending packets that were not received by the server 
	while the server will only request from the client if it didn't receive a packet from the 
	client.	
	Differences :
	In our implementation we send the file's size but in this UDP suggestion we send the number of 
	packets and verify in the end that all the number of packets that had to be sent was really 
	sent.		
	Another difference is that in the suggestion the server is tracking all the packets and see if 
	any wasn't received, and in that case it sends a resend request for that packet.
